for him to reporters on Wednesday to 0 outside the house I stopped thinking about the
other years according to the delegate
this methodology is not good
We're not going to work here and work for the manager.
presence in the event already in wood
the first step is to hit the newspaper
became cheaper
last year like this
but what to do
stay tuned
and stay like this
when it should have been abandoned at the base of the claw
in gravataí
It should stay like this.
said Tarsus
until 8 pm
for decades the same acronym in English
before the champions league round this season in his accounts
it's a wonder he spoke
then case to be treated
Monday's agenda refers to one of them, it will again be
Independent of maria da feira
to that house
the round has come to an end
finally another teacher ends up using the bottle
carefully
not to mention the call
so I have to put myself now
alcohol and even my focus but does not necessarily need to rotate with
alcohol a lot of people think ugly massera guarantees that it will catch fire to people
what do you mean by what?
internally the service to the police station
and meets little
to this recipe of education
twenty years now that you already take into account both loved no one was injured
the debates
his ability in the police